Add `pai` CLI (#1031)
pydantic/pydantic-ai: docs/cli.md

# Command Line Interface (CLI)

> **PydanticAI** offers a CLI that lets you interact with various LLMs straight from your terminal.
> 
> The goal is to provide a user-friendly interface for engaging with the models without needing to write any code.
> 
> This CLI is adapted from [`aicli`](https://github.com/samuelcolvin/aicli/) by Samuel Colvin, with modifications to
> work seamlessly with PydanticAI.
> 
> At Pydantic, we frequently use the CLI during development to query the models. We're sharing this tool with
> PydanticAI users, opening up a new way to interact with the models. Moreover, we plan to enhance the CLI
> with additional features, such as interaction with MCP servers, access to tools, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**PydanticAI** comes with a simple reference CLI application which you can use to interact with various LLMs directly from the command line.
It provides a convenient way to chat with language models and quickly get answers right in the terminal.

We originally developed this CLI for our own use, but found ourselves using it so frequently that we decided to share it as part of the PydanticAI package.

We plan to continue adding new features, such as interaction with MCP servers, access to tools, and more.
```
